Client Assertion implementation now accepts an async callback as well as a string argument (#7014)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-node/docs/initialize-confidential-client-application.md

            thumbprint: process.env.thumbprint,
            privateKey: process.env.privateKey,
        }, // OR

>         clientAssertion: assertionCallback,

Reviewer: As stated before, both of these must be supported. Ideally you can reuse the "clientAssertion" key, but if not possible, it's acceptable to have an additional "clientAssertionCallback: my_callback"

-   A Client credential is mandatory for confidential clients. Client credential can be a:
    -   `clientSecret` is secret string generated set on the app registration.
    -   `clientCertificate` is a certificate set on the app registration. The `thumbprint` is a X.509 SHA-1 thumbprint of the certificate, and the `privateKey` is the PEM encoded private key. `x5c` is the optional X.509 certificate chain used in [subject name/issuer auth scenarios](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-node/docs/sni.md).

>     -   `clientAssertion` is a ClientAssertion object containing an assertion string or a callback function that returns an assertion string that the application uses when requesting a token, as well as the assertion's type (urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-bearer). The certificate used to sign the assertion should be set on the app registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `clientAssertion` is a ClientAssertion object containing an assertion string or a callback function that returns an assertion string that the application uses when requesting a token, as well as the assertion's type (urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-bearer). The callback is invoked every time MSAL needs to acquire a token from the token issuer. App developers should generally the callback because assertions expire and new assertions need to be created. App developers are responsabile for the assertion lifetime. Use this mechanism to get tokens for a downstream API using a Federated Identity Credential - see https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/workload-id/workload-identity-federation-create-trust
```
